it/univaq/mwt/ifame/dialog/LoadingSpinnerDialogFragment.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.LoadingSpinnerDialogFragment
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/utility/PreferenceKey.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.PreferenceKey
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/adapter/PreferenceTagAdapter.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.PreferenceTagAdapter
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.PreferenceTagAdapter$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.PreferenceTagAdapter$ViewHolder
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/dialog/TimePickerDialogFragment.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.TimePickerDialogFragment
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/BuildConfig.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.BuildConfig
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/activity/NewEventActivity.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity$1$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity$2$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity$3$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity$4
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity$5
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity$6
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.NewEventActivity$7
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/utility/PermissionManager.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.PermissionManager
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/dialog/EditPasswordDialogFragment.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditPasswordDialogFragment
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditPasswordDialogFragment$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditPasswordDialogFragment$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditPasswordDialogFragment$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditPasswordDialogFragment$4
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/activity/LoginActivity.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.LoginActivity
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.LoginActivity$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.LoginActivity$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.LoginActivity$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.LoginActivity$4
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.LoginActivity$4$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.LoginActivity$5
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.LoginActivity$6
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.LoginActivity$7
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.LoginActivity$8
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/dialog/ChooseRestaurantDialogFragment.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.ChooseRestaurantDialogFragment
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.ChooseRestaurantDialogFragment$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.ChooseRestaurantDialogFragment$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.ChooseRestaurantDialogFragment$2$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.ChooseRestaurantDialogFragment$2$1$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.ChooseRestaurantDialogFragment$2$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.ChooseRestaurantDialogFragment$2$3
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/model/relation/EventRelation.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.model.relation.EventRelation
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/model/Participant.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.model.Participant
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/utility/Utils.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.Utils
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/dialog/EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment$2$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment$2$1$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment$2$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment$2$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment$4
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment$5
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.EditTagPreferencesDialogFragment$OnDismissPreferencesEditor
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/utility/CurrentUser.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.CurrentUser
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/model/User.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.model.User
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/fragment/profile/ProfileFragment.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$10
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$11
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$12
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$13
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$14
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$15
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$16
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$3$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$4
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$5
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$6
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$6$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$7
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$8
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.profile.ProfileFragment$9
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/activity/BottomBarControllerActivity.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.BottomBarControllerActivity
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/model/Restaurant.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.model.Restaurant
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/dialog/SelectCityDialog.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.SelectCityDialog
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.SelectCityDialog$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.SelectCityDialog$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.SelectCityDialog$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.SelectCityDialog$4
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.SelectCityDialog$OnCitySelected
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/utility/LocationHelper.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.LocationHelper
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.LocationHelper$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.LocationHelper$OnLocationChangedListener
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/utility/RestAPI.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.RestAPI
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.RestAPI$Account
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.RestAPI$Auth
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.RestAPI$Ifame
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/utility/ImageManager.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.ImageManager
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.ImageManager$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.ImageManager$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.ImageManager$2$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.ImageManager$2$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.ImageManager$OnStoreCompleted
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/activity/SignUpActivity.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.SignUpActivity
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.SignUpActivity$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.SignUpActivity$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.SignUpActivity$3
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/model/Event.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.model.Event
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/service/NotificationService.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.service.NotificationService
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/model/Category.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.model.Category
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/dialog/DatePickerDialogFragment.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.dialog.DatePickerDialogFragment
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/utility/Preference.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.utility.Preference
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/adapter/RestaurantAdapter.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.RestaurantAdapter
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.RestaurantAdapter$OnRestaurantClickListener
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.RestaurantAdapter$ViewHolder
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/adapter/PreferenceTag.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.PreferenceTag
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/adapter/ForYouEventAdapter.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.ForYouEventAdapter
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.ForYouEventAdapter$ViewHolder
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/activity/EventDetailActivity.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$1$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$10
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$11
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$12
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$13
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$14
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$15
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$2$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$4
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$5
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$6
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$7
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$8
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.activity.EventDetailActivity$9
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/adapter/EventAdapter.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.EventAdapter
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.adapter.EventAdapter$ViewHolder
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/fragment/home/HomeFragment.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.home.HomeFragment
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.home.HomeFragment$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.home.HomeFragment$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.home.HomeFragment$2$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.home.HomeFragment$2$1$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.home.HomeFragment$2$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.home.HomeFragment$2$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.home.HomeFragment$3
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/fragment/events/EventsFragment.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.events.EventsFragment
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.events.EventsFragment$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.events.EventsFragment$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.events.EventsFragment$2$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.events.EventsFragment$2$1$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.events.EventsFragment$2$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.events.EventsFragment$2$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.events.EventsFragment$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.events.EventsFragment$4
it/univaq/mwt/ifame/fragment/myevents/MyEventsFragment.java
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.myevents.MyEventsFragment
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.myevents.MyEventsFragment$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.myevents.MyEventsFragment$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.myevents.MyEventsFragment$3
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.myevents.MyEventsFragment$3$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.myevents.MyEventsFragment$3$1$1
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.myevents.MyEventsFragment$3$2
 it.univaq.mwt.ifame.fragment.myevents.MyEventsFragment$3$3
